---
keywords: fastai
description: This will be for possibly noncoherent ideas I have
title: College board create task brainstorm
toc: true
nb_path: _notebooks/2022-09-09-collegeboard-brainstorm.ipynb
layout: notebook
---

<!--
#################################################
### THIS FILE WAS AUTOGENERATED! DO NOT EDIT! ###
#################################################
# file to edit: _notebooks/2022-09-09-collegeboard-brainstorm.ipynb
-->

<div class="container" id="notebook-container">
        
<div class="cell border-box-sizing text_cell rendered"><div class="inner_cell">
<div class="text_cell_render border-box-sizing rendered_html">
<p>My ideas will be written here. Ill write down thoughts so i can think out certain parts of my ideas, to get more into what it will be like. Because of this, they may not be completely coherent</p>

</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="cell border-box-sizing text_cell rendered"><div class="inner_cell">
<div class="text_cell_render border-box-sizing rendered_html">
<h1 id="Imporant-task-reqiurements">Imporant task reqiurements<a class="anchor-link" href="#Imporant-task-reqiurements"> </a></h1><p>A list must be created and used in the program.</p>
<p>A function must be included. Similar but not the same as the for_loop</p>

</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="cell border-box-sizing text_cell rendered"><div class="inner_cell">
<div class="text_cell_render border-box-sizing rendered_html">
<h1 id="DnD">DnD<a class="anchor-link" href="#DnD"> </a></h1><p>The dnd project i made fleshed out to be interactable with written inputs impacting the story
the choices will have to be limited.</p>
<p>maybe make a new story rather than the cold war one so there's more choices</p>
<p>lists could be implimented using choices;</p>
<p>-an empty list could be made for choice storing in the future</p>
<p>-when certain choices are made, something could be appended to a list</p>
<p>-when that certain choice has an impact in the future story, an if/else could be used with the list to determine if it's changed</p>
<p>list append could also be used for keeping score, but i wouldnt know what for and theres probably better ways</p>

</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="cell border-box-sizing text_cell rendered"><div class="inner_cell">
<div class="text_cell_render border-box-sizing rendered_html">
<h1 id="space-invaders">space invaders<a class="anchor-link" href="#space-invaders"> </a></h1><p>The game I made in 6th grade, but without the handicap of scratch</p>
<p>not sure how I could create this using python based on how its been used so far
I might jsut scratch this idea</p>
<p>I also dont really like the idea, kinda basic</p>

</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="cell border-box-sizing text_cell rendered"><div class="inner_cell">
<div class="text_cell_render border-box-sizing rendered_html">
<h1 id="RPG">RPG<a class="anchor-link" href="#RPG"> </a></h1><p>I could make some sort of rpg fight, similar to how some games used to just be in text</p>
<p>this could be fun, i could use many different things as inpiration for enemys/attacks, especially since it'll be just text</p>
<p>this will very likely impliment lists</p>
<p>lists could be used to hold damage values, weapons, enemy and player attacks,</p>
<p>adding a buff system could make it more complicated</p>
<p>I think how it will work is there will be a lot of functions defined at the top for attacking and such and as the text progresses many if/else statements will be used to determine which function to use. it might be better to just use if statements without the else so i can cover more options.</p>
<p>how the choices are made will be through input. I'll add a prompt at the top to ask people to only type in lowercase so there's no errors.</p>
<p>I'll have to find a way for the choice prompt to restart if an undefined prompt is inputted.</p>
<p>a list can be used to define damage values. A random number generator can be used to choose a number from that list. the damage values can also contain a miss or something. There's probably a better way to choose random damage values than what i just described.</p>
<p>probably 2 or three enemies</p>
<p>im thinking that a choice of which to attack will be provided first, which then leads to a choice of attacking and whatnot</p>
<p>i could probably use somesort of if statement to make certain attacks less/more effective to enemies. i could make them add or subtract a predetermined amount after a ranodm number is generated</p>
<p>probably just multiple attack choices.</p>
<p>I could add a defense option, using the same method used for the less/more effective attakcs</p>
<p>if defense optino added, I should have it reset a certain value after each turn. if not then the defense will be infinite</p>
<p>make the whole process of a turn a function. this eay i can repeat is more often without typing so much</p>
<p>use a loop with an if statement so the turns will keep going until someone dies DEFINITELY LOOK INTO A BETTER WAY TO DO THIS</p>
<p>make the numbers in the list a variable. i think if you do this then you can add and subtract from them. ex: instead of [1,2,3] its [n1,n2,n3] and n1=(1) etc.</p>

</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
 

